It's important to understand how you are being charged for your Facebook fans and what is the amount
that you can expect to see on your credit card or debit card statements.
Now here insider odds manager you can see the reason that men spend broken and by different days on
even the total amount spent over your can to limit which I just showed you how to set up when you set
up your Facebook advertising account.
Now what is important to know is that this is not the amount that actually is going to appear on your
credit card statements to find that come up here to Odd's manager billing and payment methods and you
will see here up in the top left your current balance.
So watching need to pay when that is going to be charged and you can see a bright 10 of the payments
that have already been charged to your payment method.
So that's an important but small distinction to make.
So there's no surprises when you do get your credit card or debit card bills.
So go ahead now and access your billing and payments to see how much you've spent so far on your campaigns.